The general good experience.
I don't like when people are telling other people what to not to do.
And it's based on their own personal ideology. I don't like.
It. I don't like it at all either. Cause I'm, I'm, I'm very much of look,
you do what you want to do with your life.
As long as it doesn't interfere with mine or step on any of my, my rights.
We're good. How Texas have you.
Texas through it through brother texted, born and raised. Yeah.
It's a great place. So this,
this is my two positions that I was saying before. So number one, position,
I am 100% in favor of law enforcement and I think they need to be better
trained. And I think you need to get rid of those bad.
I think there's a lot of them. I think there's a lot of bad cops.
And I got to get this off because this,
this is something that me off a little bit. That is a nuance perspective.
However, on social media and in general,
the idea of having a nuanced perspective on a particular issue is so far gone.
Now that you can't even really have a conversation. I can say in one breath,
I am pro cop. I am pro cop. I have a lot of friends who are cops. However,
there are also a good number of them who are evil as were probably racist and
need to be dissolved.
Sociopath, psychopaths, murderers. Yes.
But some reason it's either, Nope. Either all cops are bad or they're all good.
And that's what I can't get down with. You can't.
Get down with that. And I'm with you. I think we can also say in one breath,
I'm pro cop, but I'm also pro these peaceful protests.
I think these peaceful protests are important. And there was some, I mean,
maybe I did a bad job of explaining what I was trying to say,
but whatever basketball player was mad at me the other day,
cause it was something that I said that I think a lot of these people are
fighting like an invisible enemy when they're, when they're protesting.
What I mean by that is yes, we need bad cops. Yes.
Cops should stop shooting. Whether it's black people or white people.
The wrong reason that people, because people love too. I remember our last,
our last segment, we made a mistake verbally and people jumped on it.
You said we need bad cops. Yeah.
Is that a really imagine saying I'm dumb. We need bad cops. We need cops.
We need good cops. But there,
and there's definitely bad cops and bad cops that shoot people,
whatever race they are are terrible.
Clearly there's a problem with cops shooting black people. Yeah.
Clearly there's also statistically not even just shooting people. If we,
if you look at the, see, if you look at the, the, the, the, the,
the deaths statistics for cops and black people,
there's a thing that people like to do where they say, well, actually,
cops shoot more white people than black people.
Let's say there are more white people.
But the other thing that I think is as important,
if not more important is cops or physical with black people more than they are
white people, cops are physical with brown people, Mexicans, Puerto Ricans.
They're, they're physical with them more than they are white people,
statistically, by as much or more than 25%. Yeah. There is a problem.
Also,
there's a problem with people that don't know what they want.
They just think that getting defunding, the cops are bad.
This is what I meant by fighting an invisible enemy.
I just did a job of explaining it to you.
The thing we should want is a safe community,
including people that get pulled over by cops. Yeah.
So that's the one thing that needs to be addressed first. Right?
Get rid of the bad cops, fund them better. Train them better. Yeah.
And we should, we should all want this. This shouldn't this defund,
the cop is crazy. A lot.
Of its movement has been co-opted by.
And I always, always hesitate because I, like I said,
I'm not a conspiracy theorist, but I have to call a spade a spade.
There were a lot, there are a lot of suburbs.
There's a subversive group in this country that wants to topple the current
structure of the United States so that they can gain power because they think
they can rule better. Yeah.
And a lot of those people generally speaking are Marxist. Yes.
That's pretty much it there. That's why like I make a delineation.
When people ask me about black lives matter, for instance,
black lives matter to the sentiment I can get down with black lives matter the
organization I can not. And why is that?
Because they are not for the same thing. So we're not the leader. The,
the founders of black men, like the founders of black lives matters,
literally just came out and basically said, she's a trademark.
She didn't basically said, she said, blatantly, she's a trained Marxist. She,
the, both of them, the founders of black lives matter are these, the same.
Folks that went on stage with Bernie Sanders at one time, I believe so.
Don't quote me on that and took the mic from him.
The two women are, who are, who were the founders of black lives, matters.
The organization, they are trained.
Marxist said it with her own mouth on the show.
And what, so what is their goal? What do they want?
Or what do marches one, they want to top of the current structure they utilize.
They have, they have their use. So speak. They're useful idiots that create,
they create chaos.
It's a top of whatever structures in place so that they can come in,
fill the vacuum.
And then what do they do with the useless CA what did they do with the useful
idiots? They dispose of them because they are rebellious in nature.
And thus will top all the power structure that's in place then. So.
Who were the useful idiots that you think that they.
Are useful?
The people running around spraying black lives matters while
riding and looting. Yes. Not protesting, but riding.
And looting. That's the distinction. And this is what I did a job explaining.
There's a lot of people that are out there protesting.
I don't necessarily think they understand what,
like what needs to be done,
what needs to be done to keep us safe is not defunding the police.
Right now. It needs to be done. Maybe.
They need to go through the police department with a fine tooth comb.
And every one of these that has multiple complaints, just get rid of them. Yeah.
Just get rid of, find out what the is going on. Yeah. If there,
if the multiple complaints don't make sense, then leave them alone.
But find out like that guy, that guy that killed that guy.
And look for anybody who could do that to a person who can lean on a person's
neck like that, someone's wrong with you. Something's wrong with you.
And you should have never been a cop in the first place.
And we all know that there are people like that when you talk to people that are
in the military, there are folks that they have to work with that are sociopath,
and they hope that Bud's training.
And that seal training is going to weed those guys out of the ranger training or
whatever, whatever the it is that they have to do. But it doesn't always,
doesn't always,
and sometimes they get in a situation and Jocko was talking about how you'll get
an entire seal team that they have to disband and re and,
and reset up because they have bad leadership.
And so you did the same guys and they come in with good leadership and they get
trained correctly. And it turns around and it turns out, you know, look, look,
if we, if we joined some sort of a military group and you're,
you're being led by some piece of, commander, what do you do?
Where do you go? And your faith in the whole entire organization is.
So a lot of this stuff is top down.
So you have a lot of these cops that are in these bad neighborhoods.
And they've been dealing with corruption for there's a,
there's a movie called the seven five.
And it's about the 75th precinct in New York. And Michael Dowd,
who is one of the guys in the movie was a bad cop. And he's out now.
And he did time and like that, but it's a crazy movie.
And I had him on the podcast, but his first day on the job,
did they throw a dude off a balcony or some like that?
And he was told to shut his mouth. Something happened like first day on the job,
he re he witnessed some crazy. And they were, he was basically told, Hey,
this is how we do. Like, get all that goody, two shoes, Dragnet,
out of your head. This is how we do things here.
And so then you're indoctrinated into this force that's already. And.
I think that's where a lot of people kind of, uh,
that's why I think a lot of people come from when they talk about the systemic
aspect of this, right? It's,
it's that culture that breeds the mentality that says, all right,
this is the way things are going to be done. So you either, either get,
either get out or you lay down. Right. Right. And so that,
and so in a lot of that,
that responsibility is born on the leadership in these places.
And that's what needs to happen.
There needs to be a restructuring and reorganization of the leadership from a
top down perspective that I do believe. And I agree with you.
I'm like you got a guy who has multiple, multiple complaints. I mean,
at a certain point where there's smoke,
there's probably gonna be some fire somewhere. And so at that point,
if you can't really reasonably justify why this person is getting a lot of
complaints and it, like you said,
if it doesn't make sense why they're going to plankton. Okay, cool.
But if you're like, all right,
this just seems real suspect either do a deeper investigation of it or get rid
of them. Yeah.
And there's a problem with most people when you give them ultimate power over
someone else. And it's not just the power of having a gun,
it's the power of being able to tell someone, do what I'm telling you to do.
There's a crazy video.
I watched the other day of a white guy pulling over another white guy.
And he's telling the guy get out of the car and the guys, well,
why do you want me to get out of the car? He goes,
cause I'm telling you to get out of the car. And he pulls out his,
his pepper spray and he goes, Hey man, he goes, I'm going, I'm speeding.
I'm going five miles an hour over it. He goes, stop filming. He goes,
I don't have to stop filming. And he goes,
and why you pointing your pepper spray at me? And he goes,
if you don't get out of the car, I'm going to hit you with it.
And so this is back and forth with this guy and he goes to hit it. He goes,
it's out. You're lucky. This is your lucky day. He goes, no, he goes,
you're crazy. He's like, you're, you're going to pepper spray me.
Cause I'm going five miles an hour over the speed limit.
So this is an example of a person who should never be in a position of having
ultimate power over someone that like that is that if a guy was a really good
cop was a veteran, he would've been able to diffuse a situation.
He would have walked up to him. And how you doing, sir? Uh,
you know why I pulled you over? You're going a little bit fast.
You're going five miles an hour over the speed limit, blah, blah, blah,
whatever it was. You don't point pepper spray at a guy who just,
just because he's filming you when he's filming you, he's allowed to do that.
That's you, you, this is like an audition for you to keep your job.
That's what it is. Like do a good job right there. Cause you're,
you're going to get on the internet right now.
And there's a lot of people that are on the internet.
There was a horrible one that I watched where this guy was in this verbal
altercation with this woman. And it wasn't heated.
She didn't do anything wrong and he's, he's yelling. She's not listening.
So he grabs her rag, dolls, her to the ground face,
plants her and gets her in the rear naked choke.
And he's screaming at her and these other terrible rear naked choke too.
And these other people are standing by watching this and filming it.
And it's madness. This is a terrible way to handle the situation.
Just a person who's either got PTSD or he's all up. And my buddy, Joe,
she's a person, just a person who happens to get this job now. Guess what?
Here's the other problem. Who's going to be a cop.
Now. That's the thing. Who's going to be a cop. I'm going to be honest with you.
I wouldn't want to be a cop, right? I wouldn't want to be a cop now.
Man. I can only imagine.
I think the problem is,
is like people don't understand like the relationship between community and
police should be a symbiotic relationship. That's, that's what it should be.
Because even the Saint to the same degree, there needs to be training.
I think there needs to be training, not mandated training,
but people should be on a cognitive. Especially if I I's a gun owner,
someone who carries a gun on me, 99% of the time in my car, on my body,
on my person,
I should understand the dynamics that a police officer is looking at me from and
dealing with people who carry guns and vice-versa.
So the officer needs to be an understanding and be aware of the fact that, okay,
you're living in a population where people carry firearms.
So the idea of the presence of a firearm in the hands of civilians should not
terrify you that much. It just shouldn't. Now I get it.
There are bad apples all over the place. Thus that brings it full circle.
Me as a citizen should understand that because there are certain people who are
bad apples who carry firearms that are interacting with the cops. It may be,
it may want to do ill will towards the cops that I, as a citizen,
should understand and have the responsibility. It says, all right,
there are certain things I'm going to do whenever I'm interacting with the cop
that signals to them, Hey, I mean you no harm. I mean, you know, threat,
I get pulled over. I, I, the first thing I do is I pull over,
roll the windows down.
I have my ID and I have my concealed carry license in hand. Right.
Everything I'm doing is just to put the cop at ease. I'm demonstrating the cop.
Look, I understand you don't know who I am. I don't know who you are. Right.
So we're going to give each other this mutual respect that says, all right,
as long as you respect me, I'm going to respect you. And generally speaking,
though, I speed a lot.
You get cops recognizing you. I have, it's like 50, 50. Oh,
that's a lot. Yeah, it is a lot actually.
And the funny thing is the best time was I was in a car at the
time I was, I was in the car with, uh, with my acceptance.
She was my girlfriend, my then girlfriend. And then one of her best friends.
And we were driving back from Houston. And so I was speeding. And so I think,
I think I had like a M six at the time. And so I was speeding and he was like,
you need to slow down. I'm like, shut up. I'm so going home.
And then I get pulled over and then I get pulled over and they're laughing.
They're.
Like, ha ha. We told you you idiot. Ha ha ha ha.
And so I'm sitting there and I'm like, I got egg on my face and. And um,
cop comes over and he's like, he's like, yeah, you know, I'm getting, you know,
I do what I normally do. All the windows down handed my, my driver's license.
He goes to, he goes to the runs, my information, come back. He's like.
You know, there might be a weird question, but you don't call me on the car.
I was like, yeah. And he's like, oh man, I.
Thought it was,
this is why it's a question because your ID is different because you're my real
name is Collins. Yeah. But do you give out your real name?
Um, I give out my real first name.
I don't give out my last name because I don't want to have to shoot anybody.
I'm being dead serious. I mean, I get, I get a lot of weird stuff, so yeah.
And I don't, I mean, look, if you want to find my real name, you can find,
you can pull up on Wikipedia, but um, I don't want to make it easy for you,
but I mean, if you want to have those problems, let's me have at it. But,
and it could've had people threatened me before by over what?
Just my stance and things like that. I've had people threatening.
You for your stance on responsible gun ownership. They want to shoot you.
You don't understand. It's so rude. It's so ridiculous.
I don't understand it, but you have. But I mean,
there are a lot of psychos out there and even anti gunners can be psychosis.
This.
Is the,
I've had this conversation about you with people that are not gun owners that
don't like guns. And I said, listen,
there are people out there like yourself that are the best example of
what you would hope for a gun owner. And if you're that's your neighbor,
you should be happy that that guy's armed. If some goes down,
you need someone to help you. You want people to be able to help themselves.
But back then in my neighborhood,
I think people are going to have a different attitude about this with all this
defund, the police talk, I really do. And th the looting and the, and,
and not only that, but here in Santa Monica, they have police, right?
The police are there and they were told to stand down.
They were told to stand there while people were alluding.
I think another thing too, there, I think there is a, uh,
a semantics issue going on with the defund, the police,
at least from what I'm seeing.
Because initially when I heard about the diff on the police, what's up,
what the hell are y'all talking about? Like, we can't be this stupid,
I guess there is a segment that's even within the fund to police,
there are different sex. There are the people who are like, no,
we just need to reallocate certain portions of the funding for police in
different places. And then there are people who are like, no,
we just need to absolve all police, take away the funding and get rid of.
Them. Those people are out of luck, but here's a.
Funny thing about that. Let's take what's going on in Seattle and Chaz.
And how fast do we realize within a blink of an eye that
crime is going to happen? It doesn't matter what, it doesn't matter.
What type of utopia you think you're going to establish there.
We're going to be messed up people. Well,
someone got shot there yesterday being in it. And from what I hear,
it was pretty much a hit. Was it? I think not the one from yesterday,
but the one before that,
cause there was another shooting and apparently it seemed like it was a hit.
Like they were looking for this person and they went to kill them. And I'm like,
you were supposed to, Chaz was supposed to be this utopia, no cops, no money.
All of it. And within a blink of an eye, what do you have? Well, no,
they also don't have.
Hospitals in Chaz. Right? Like what are you going to do? If someone does get.
Shot,
somebody bled out because cause the cops probably don't want to go in there.
Yeah. Well they wouldn't let him in when I saw, yeah, this is not going to end.
Well folks, it's not, it's not going to end. Well, the,
the way to handle this in my opinion is to fix the tr
the current structure to do it in a logical way. That makes sense. Yeah.
It's not to take everything down.
So to take this back to what you were saying about black lives matter,
don't you think there's probably people in black lives matter who don't have
these sort of Marxist ideas. They just don't want black people getting shot.
Absolutely. Absolutely. The sentiment of black lives matter. I am all for it.
I'm on it. I'm all for it.
The organization though,
that's the problem I have because they're essentially the leadership of this.
So you think that the leadership has,
I think they have like a remote secret motive that the people that are involved
that are doing all the groundwork.
No, they're not. And I did a whole video about it.
Cause I remember I remember black lives matter and it was a video I did,
I think two years ago, black.
I remember liking this is when I was with the NRA and black lives matter was
attacking me NRA basically saying, um,
that they don't really care about black gun ownership, so forth and so on.
It was like an attack piece.
And I think it was the branch of black lives matter. That's here in LA actually.
And so I did a response video and I, and I, and I, and I w it was like a 15,
20 minute video and I broke it down systematically. I'm like, alright, well,
okay. We started off with black lives matter because of police brutality.
Cool. I'm all for it. But what has happened now,
all of a sudden they get this massive wave of funding.
And,
and their whole direction shifts into some other stuff that I have no idea what
it has to do with anything with respect to now,
it's become this kind of like all encompassing umbrella of LGBTQ and some other
stuff. But then, and then even aspects of, I guess,
I don't want to say Antifa is under the umbrella,
but the whole Marx has kind of communist socialist aspects of politics,
kind of creeping into that as well.
And then when you couple that with the idea that you have the actual founders
saying that they are trained in Marxism,
and then you have what you see now playing out where you have these very
peaceful protests being co-opted by violent people who are now just engaging in
writing and looting, and then branding it black lives matter.
They're wolves hating their wolves, hiding amongst.
Sheep. I think there's, there's a bunch of things happen at the same time.
And I think when it comes to the riding alluding,
I think there's a lot of just opportunists. No,
I don't think they're necessarily that organized.
Yeah. Some of it is organized. I do believe that. And then I do,
and you're right, because there was a lake, for instance, in Dallas, in Dallas,
when the coffee shops that I go to all the time, he was telling me he was like,
you know, all the windows were broken out. And really, he was like,
they really was just a bunch of kids just running around,
taking advantage of the chaos and just kind of breaking away. You have.
To take into consideration these kids haven't worked in three months. Yeah.
They're probably broke as and looking for free. Yep.
There's a ton of them and there's just opportunists.
And you saw that in New York, for sure.
Yeah. I'm pretty sure y'all had that here too. Yeah, for sure. For.
Sure. But the crazy thing about New York is, um,
a lot of it was apartment buildings filming down on the streets because you
know, in New York, everyone's in Honduras. Yeah. So they're filming,
there's so many videos of people filming on the streets while all of this
madness is going,
this is one crazy video where all these people breaking into and this guy runs
his treat and another guy hits him with a car and he goes flying to the,
and the car takes off, bro. It's mad.
And then they're just smashing through Soho and breaking into art galleries and
stealing everything. And like, it's.
It's new, but it also bodes the question.
When you have chaos, you inevitably will get destruction.
Yes. That's. I mean, that's, that's what happens,
which is why you need structure, which is why you need to keep in mind.
I am no fan of big government. I'll be the first one to tell you,
I am no fan of big government. However you do. Yeah.